When I had opportunity I ate the rice of the Dayaks, which is not so well sifted of its husks, and is by far more palatable than the ordinary polished rice.

From planting time till the end of the harvest--four or five months--a man is deputed to remain in the kampong to whom fish is forbidden, but who may eat all the rice he 
wants, with some salt, and as recompense for his services receives a new prahu or clothing.

after the soup stock is made and the bones are cracked for a second cooking, the bones need not be thrown away. you can dry them, run them through a bone crusher and either feed them to the chickens or use them for fertilizer. in this way not a particle of the dressed animal is wasted.

even an inexperienced person, by following directions carefully, can seal a can as well as an experienced one. the sealed cans look exactly like those purchased at the store. two or three cans a minute can be

flat-sour often causes annoyance to beginners in canning some vegetables, such as corn, peas, beans and asparagus. these canned foods may show no signs of spoilage and yet when the can is opened the product may have a sour taste and a disagreeable odor. this "flat-sour" is not harmful and must not be confused with "botulinus," which is harmful. however, the taste and odor are so disagreeable you will have no desire to eat "flat-sour" canned goods.

With an oyster fork, the clams may then be removed from the shell, dipped into the liquor and eaten.

Pemmican, largely used by Arctic voyagers, consists of a mixture of meat and fat, dried and powdered along with some spices; it is generally eaten with some kind of meal.

2. Food-reformers do not deduce from this that the drinking of cider is to be recommended, but that even better results may be obtained from eating the fresh, ripe fruit.

All sufferers from sluggish livers should eat apples.

Eat this pulp by the spoonful, very slowly, holding it against the back of the throat as long as possible before swallowing.

Percival[106] has given an account of "a young lady who amused herself, while her hair was dressing, with eating samphire pickles impregnated with copper.

After this, her stomach became prodigiously distended; and, in nine days after eating the pickles, death relieved her from her suffering."

The nurse should be a student of the classification of foods, their fuel value and digestibility, thus being able to determine and regulate the needed rations for her patients.

During the dinner itself the old patriarchal customs are observed, with this difference, that not only do all the guests eat out of one dish, but that all the eatables are served up in one, and one only.

Nowhere did I ever eat such bread-fruit, mangoes, oranges, and guavas, as I did here.

As for cocoa-nuts, the natives are so extravagant with them, that they generally merely drink the water they contain, and then throw away the shell and the fruit.

Having nothing but brandy at hand, we dosed largely instanter, and in the course of ten minutes we found relief; but Benton, having, eaten his large yam, was the last to recover.

The seed of the lotus is a narcotic of a mild description, and it is carefully gathered when ripe and eaten by the natives.

The locust of Arabia, Gryllus, is very common, and is frequently roasted and eaten, particularly by the slaves. It is however eaten by the Arabs, and by some esteemed efficacious as a remedy for certain diseases.

In using it for food, they grind it, and boil it in the form of polenta, which is eaten either with fresh or sour milk, or still more frequently with a sauce made of dried meat pounded in a mortar, and boiled with onions, &c.

It is soon enough to allow children animal food when they have got teeth to eat it. It would also be improper to feed children with fat meat, strong broths, rich soups, or the like.

Some parents teach their children to guzzle ale, and other fermented liquors, at every meal.

Milk, water, butter-milk, or whey, are the most proper for children to drink.