Of all the methods of home food preservation, freezing is one of the simplest and least time-consuming.

The natural colors, fresh flavors, and nutritive value of most fruits and vegetables are maintained well by freezing.

Sun-drying, salting, smoking and pickling were methods used in ancient times for preserving food.

Canning in the home is increasing in popularity as a method of food preservation.

In preserves, sugar aids in firming the fruit or fruit pieces.

Drying time varies according to fruit or vegetable type, size of pieces, and tray load. Dehydrator drying generally takes less time than oven drying. Sun drying takes considerably more time.

Almost any kind of preserved vegetables or meat, especially sausages, is compatible with this stew, which is capable of infinite variations.

tomatoes every one likes canned tomatoes. in many homes more tomatoes are canned than any other product. the housewife uses them for soups, for sauces and for seasoning many meat dishes. some women say: "i can preserve everything but tomatoes. they always spoil. what do i do wrong?"


vegetables it is practical to can all vegetables, even such difficult ones as corn, peas and beans, by the cold-pack method of canning without using any preservatives, if you will follow all directions, instructions and the time-table accurately. vegetable canning is a little more complicated than fruit canning.

have the water boiling hard. lower the tomatoes into the boiling water. this is called scalding the tomatoes. we scald the tomatoes to loosen the skin. if the tomatoes are very ripe, one minute scalding will be sufficient. the average length of time for tomatoes, just perfect for canning, is one and a half minutes. do not leave the place each jar in the canner as it is packed. the first jars in will not be affected by the extra cooking. have the water just below the boiling point as you put in each jar. when you have the canner full bring the water to the boiling point as quickly as possible and begin to count cooking or sterilizing time from the moment it does boil.

vegetable and fruit drying have been little practiced for a generation or more, though there have been some thrifty housekeepers who have clung to their dried corn, peas, beans and apples. a friend of mine says: "why, dried corn has a much better, sweeter taste than your canned stuff. i would rather have one little dish of my delicious dried corn than two big dishes of your canned corn."

beets. beets must be scrubbed thoroughly and packed whole. if peeled or sliced before being fermented the beets lose considerable color and flavor.

corn. husk and clean the silk from the corn; wash and place the ears on end in the jar, packing the jar nearly full. pour the brine over the ears; add cover and weights. fermented corn has a sour taste, which may not be relished if the corn is eaten alone. for this reason it will be preferable in most cases to preserve corn by canning, drying or by salting without fermentation. fermented corn, however, may be used in the preparation of some dishes, such as chowders, omelets, and so forth, where its flavor will be masked to some extent by the other ingredients. to some people this peculiar acid taste of fermented corn is not at all objectionable.

The problem of preserving any food, therefore, may be solved (1) by keeping it at a very low temperature, (2) by desiccating it, or (3) by boiling or steaming it so as to destroy any microbes in the food which would otherwise start putrefaction, and then fastening it in an air-tight case.

Milk is commonly preserved as condensed milk, and in this condition is very valuable.

=Drying. =—This must be done rapidly. It is a process which is best applicable to fish, but has been applied also to beef. Dried Hamburg beef is used for making sausages. Pemmican, largely used by Arctic voyagers, consists of a mixture of meat and fat, dried and powdered along with some spices; it is generally eaten with some kind of meal.

2.Salted meats have lost much of their nutritive material, in the form of albumin and salts, and the remaining meat is harder and more difficult of digestion than fresh meat.

4. At the least it should be made obligatory on the milk retailer to declare the presence of preservatives in milk sold by him.

=Coating with fat or gelatine= has only succeeded in conjunction with the exclusion of air. This process is especially applicable to fishes, as tinned sardines. In a modified form, it is useful in coating
potted meats, etc.

6. _Poisonous Pickles._ Vegetable substances, preserved in the state called pickles, by means of the antiseptic power of vinegar, whose sale frequently depends greatly upon a fine lively green colour; and the consumption of which, by
sea-faring people in particular, is prodigious, are sometimes intentionally coloured by means of copper.

Gerkins, French beans, samphires, the green pods of capsicum, and many other pickled vegetable substances, oftener than is perhaps expected, are met with impregnated with this metal.

Percival[106] has given an account of "a young lady who amused herself, while her hair was dressing, with eating samphire pickles impregnated with copper.

"_To Pickle Gerkins._[107]--"Boil the vinegar in a bell-metal or copper pot; pour it boiling hot on your cucumbers."

The berries are gathered before they are ripe, and are dried in the sun.

The leaves and blossoms are dried, and are either smoked like tobacco, or formed into a paste with various substances and chewed.

Lay on the  middle of each two halves (laid on each other) of preserved peaches, or quinces, or large preserved plums.

THE BEST WAY OF PRESERVING PINE-APPLES. There are several kinds of preserved meat prepared among the orientals for long journies. They obviate the inconveniency of salt provision by using clarified butter.

Bread is a proper food for children at all times, provided it be plain, made of wholesome grain, and well fermented; but when enriched with fruits, sugars, or such things, it becomes very unwholesome.